what's up guys this is digital supremacy
and here's a little trick showing you
how to get any weapon in any kind of job
where the weapons are forced like
deathmatch or capture or last team stand
you can see on this map called shotgun
wedding you spawn with a shotgun and all
you have on the map are shotguns but
we're gonna use this trick to get some
new weapons and troll the players in
here so this works best on maps like
shotgun wedding and crossfire where
there's an ammunition pretty close by
you can see on this map it's just around
the corner so what you want to do is
head over to ammunition and then once
you go in there you'll be able to buy
any weapons that you have unlocked in
multiplayer so we're gonna pick up
grenade launcher and an assault rifle of
some kind maybe not that one we'll go
with the cheaper one and there you go so
the only downside to this glitch is that
you have to spend money on the weapon if
you already own them in multiplayer but
it's not really to make money or level
up it's just kind of have fun and troll
other players and maybe your friend
so anyway you'll have the weapons for
the rest of the round once you buy them
and if you don't use up all the ammo
you'll be able to keep them once the
so it's not a total waste of money so
you can see now everyone has shotguns
and I'm just running around with an
assault rifle and grenade launchers and
it's pretty ridiculous it's pretty
overpowered so I wouldn't do this too
much just use it to have fun
occasionally but yeah I don't have use
it there you go if you guys enjoyed the
video make sure to subscribe and like
yeah see you guys in the next video
thanks for watching
you